Clean: remove redundant workflows documents. (#4694)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/workflows.md

This section describes common problems and solutions for Workflows.

### Workflow and Subsequent Jobs Do Not Trigger

> Oftentimes if you do not see your workflows triggering, a configuration error is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not see your workflows triggering, a common cause is a configuration error
```
```suggestion
Oftentimes if you do not see your workflows triggering, a configuration error is
```

Reviewer: Just a suggestion as "oftentimes" isn't (I don't think) in common usage in the UK so thought it might not localize well. Take it or leave it :-D
